com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/Item.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.Item
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/MyTaxiNetworkOrderDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.MyTaxiNetworkOrderDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/TaxiNetworkOrderDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.TaxiNetworkOrderDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/UberNetworkOrderDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.UberNetworkOrderDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/ExtraSauceDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.ExtraSauceDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/BasicTaxiOrder.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.BasicTaxiOrder
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/ExpressDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.ExpressDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/AbstractTaxiOrderDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.AbstractTaxiOrderDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/api/OrderDto.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.api.OrderDto
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/ExtraCheeseDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.ExtraCheeseDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/VipCarDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.VipCarDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/BasicPizzaOrder.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.BasicPizzaOrder
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/ProductService.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.ProductService
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/Authenticator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.Authenticator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/AbstractPizzaOrderDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.AbstractPizzaOrderDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/ExtraHamDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.ExtraHamDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/api/OrderProcessingException.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.api.OrderProcessingException
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/api/OrderFacade.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.api.OrderFacade
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/ExtraMushroomsDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.ExtraMushroomsDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/ChildSeatDecorator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.ChildSeatDecorator
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/taxiportal/TaxiOrder.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.taxiportal.TaxiOrder
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/ShopService.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.ShopService
com/kodilla/patterns2/decorator/pizza/PizzaOrder.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.decorator.pizza.PizzaOrder
com/kodilla/KodillaApplication.java
 com.kodilla.KodillaApplication
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/api/ItemDto.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.api.ItemDto
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/Order.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.Order
com/kodilla/patterns2/aop/calculator/Calculator.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.aop.calculator.Calculator
com/kodilla/patterns2/facade/api/ApiWatcher.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.facade.api.ApiWatcher
com/kodilla/patterns2/aop/calculator/Watcher.java
 com.kodilla.patterns2.aop.calculator.Watcher
